Budget Rent a Car System, Inc.

Terms of Use

What you should know if you use budget.com

In Summary:  These Terms govern the use of the Web site and apply to all Internet traffic visiting the Web site. By accessing or using this Web site, you agree to these Terms.



Last Updated: December 4, 2023



Welcome to the Budget Rent A Car Website. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE CONTINUING ON WITH YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE ESPECIALLY BECAUSE THESE TERMS MAY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, SUCH AS REQUIRING BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY, AND LIMITING YOUR RIGHT TO BRING A LAWSUIT OR CLASS ACTION – SEE SECTION 12 BELOW. THIS WEBSITE AND INFORMATION ON IT IS CONTROLLED BY BUDGET RENT A CAR IN THE UNITED STATES. PLEASE SEE OUR WEBSITE PRIVACY NOTICE FOR FURTHER INFORMATION.

The Terms are meant to protect all of our Website visitors and your use of this Website signifies your agreement with these Terms. If you are accepting or agreeing to the Terms on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to act on behalf of and bind that entity to the Terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE OR ACCESS THIS WEBSITE.

1. ABOUT THE TERMS
1.1 Definitions.
As used in these Terms of Use:

·       “App” refers to any downloadable application (including, a mobile application) owned or operated by Budget. References to the “App” include any and all features, functionality, tools and content available on or through each such application.

·       “Users” means any and all persons that access or use the Website.  References to “access” and/or “use” of the Website (and any variations thereof) include the acts of accessing or browsing the Website or App.

·       “Website” refers to any App or website owned or operated by Budget (including the website currently located at www.budget.com).  References to the “Website” include any and all features, functionality, tools and content available on or through each such website.

·       “Budget,” “we,” or “us” refer to Budget Rent A Car System, Inc.  and our officers, directors, employees, contractors and agents. To the extent applicable, they also refer to our affiliates, service providers and licensors, and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors and agents.

1.2 Website Rules and Supplemental Terms
Your access to and use of the Website is governed by the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use, our Privacy Notice, any and all other policies and rules referenced herein, posted on the Website, or otherwise communicated to users (the “Website Rules”).

Certain of the features, functionality, tools, content and promotions available on or through the Website may be subject to additional or supplemental terms and conditions (“Supplemental Terms”).  If you choose to access or use those features, functionality, tools or content or participate in those promotions, the applicable Supplemental Terms are also incorporated and deemed part of these Terms of Use.

If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the Supplemental Terms, the Supplemental Terms will govern and control with respect to the applicable features, functionality, tools, content and promotions.

1.3 Amendment of Terms
Budget reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, alter or otherwise update these Terms at any time. If we choose to amend the Terms, we will update the Effective Date at the top of the Terms and post the updated version.  We may also, at our option, choose to notify you by e-mail or another means.  By choosing to continue to use or access this Website after we have posted notice of such modifications, alterations or updates, and after you have had the opportunity to read the revised Terms, you agree to be bound by such revised Terms.

2. ABOUT THE WEBSITE
2.1 License to Use
Subject to your compliance with the Terms, Budget grants you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Website, including the right to download and install a copy of the App on each mobile device that you own or control. This license is granted for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Website as provided by Budget, in the manner permitted by the Terms.

2.2 App Set-Up and Operating Requirements
In order to use the App, you must:

·       have internet access (e.g., WiFi or 3G /4G with a data plan);

·       download the App on your smartphone or tablet;

·       register for an Budget account (as set forth in more detail below in the “Accounts” section below); and

·       provide and maintain complete, accurate and up-to-date account information, including contact information for your emergency contacts.

If any of the above requirements are not met, you will not be able to use some or all of the App.

2.3 Modifications and Updates to the Website
Budget reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or discontinue offering the Website in whole or in part, including any App, or any features, functionality, tools or content thereof, at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice to you.  We may from time to time develop and provide updates for the App, which may include upgrades, bug fixes, patches and other error corrections and/or new features, functionality, tools or content (collectively, “Updates”).  Updates may also modify or delete features, functionality, tools or content in their entirety.  Based on your mobile device settings, when your mobile device is connected to the internet either: (a) the Updates will automatically download and install; or (b) you may receive notice of or be prompted to download and install available Updates.  Please promptly download and install all Updates.  If you do not, portions of the App may not properly operate.  All Updates will be deemed part of the App and be subject to all terms and conditions of the Terms.

You agree that Budget has no obligation to provide any updates or to continue to provide or enable any particular features, functionality, tools or content, and will not be liable with respect to any such modifications, discontinuance or deletions.

2.4 International Users.
The Website is controlled and operated within the United States.  You are hereby prohibited from accessing or using the Website from any territory where the Website or any of the features, functionality, tools, content thereof, is illegal.  If you choose to access the Website from a location outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and you are solely responsible for compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including export laws and any regulations and local laws regarding online conduct and content.